Well, I think it’s gonna take some real time to absorb and reflect on what it means to me personally, what it means to our country, but just as I look at this night and feel the joy and the sense of both possibility and responsibility, it means a great deal to have the faith and trust of so many people who share the view and vision I have for our country and I’m going to do everything I can not to let them down.

Well, I didn’t really believe back in 2008 that I would ever try this again, I was very happy being in the Senate, I had given that ‘08 campaign all that I had, and so, when I conceded and went to work immediately for then-Senator Obama, that’s where I saw my future in the Senate. And I would not have imagined being asked to be Secretary of State, it was a great honor to serve with President Obama in his cabinet. But then the more that I traveled the world, the more that I really regretted the dysfunction and the gridlock and the failure of our own country to live up to our potential and solve our problems in the kind of way that Americans do better than anybody else. I began thinking about running again.

It is David, it is of course symbolic but the symbols mean something and symbols often can spark hope and action in people particularly young people and I think it will be a real milestone with my nomination for our country, but it will also send a signal around the world. I care deeply about women’s rights. I have been an outspoken advocate for them for many years and as secretary of state I carried that message around the world because empowering women, providing for women’s rights, their full participation in society, politics, the economy is not only a matter of individuals being able to chart their own futures. It’s good for democracy and it’s good for peace and prosperity.

Right.

Right.

It was. In --

It was. Of course, every political contest is hard, that’s part of the DNA in America. We make it really tough to run for and hold the highest and hardest job in our country. But I was somewhat reassured and delighted to see that a lot of the challenges that we confronted back in ‘08 seemed to have diminished -- I’m not gonna say disappeared -- but diminished. There was a greater acceptance by people that a woman could be president, could be commander in chief.
And I didn’t really feel like I had to make that case. But instead, I had to present my qualifications, my experience, you know, what I wanna do with my agenda for our country.

That’s right.

Well I’m certainly reaching out. Our campaigns are talking to one another. I wanna unify the party and I look forward to talking with him personally, because I think his campaign has been a really dynamic and exciting experience for the millions of Americans, particularly young people, who supported him. And I want them to know that I’m going to be working on a lot of the same issues that Senator Sanders and I spoke about, that we both care about, and that we have so much more in common than we do with the Republican presumptive nominee, Donald Trump.

I think his absolute commitment to universal health care coverage is something that I have believed in and fought for for 25 years, we have slightly different approaches toward how we’re going to get there but we made it a major part of this campaign and I’m very happy that we did. I think the stress on income inequality is something that every American should take seriously, we have got to figure out how we’re going to provide more economic opportunity -- good jobs with rising incomes -- and I’m excited to work with Senator Sanders in doing that.

That's right.

Actually, two glasses of wine too.

Diane had to pour us both some, you know, California wine.

We've continually talked throughout this process and I-

We were supposed to talk tonight but we haven’t yet connected. We’ll probably will do it later tonight.

Well I think he has signaled that he’s ready to fight the fight against Donald Trump and he's ready to fight the fight for the progress that we have made under his presidency and since I happen to agree that we have to maintain that progress, I think we’re gonna be fighting side by side.

No. it really doesn’t concern me. This is just more of his rhetoric to try to muddy the waters about what he stands for. Anyone who supported Bernie Sanders who thinks we should raise the minimum wage, who thinks that we should have universal health care coverage, who thinks that the wealthy have not paid their fair share, and I could go on and on, would certainly not find that Donald Trump’s views are in line with theirs.

Well, I don’t know what’s in his heart, but I know that that comment about the very accomplished federal judge who was born in Indiana to parents from Mexico was a racist attack and I think that has been made clear by the many, many voices speaking out against it and many from the Republican side because clearly this was shocking to people and it went against everything we believe in: that this is a meritocracy. People should be able to rise as hard, high as their hard work, their ambition, their talent will take them.

Well, I’ve heard that, what they say publicly. We haven’t had any personal conversations. But I have a --

No, but I have a long history of working with them and I know them well enough to believe that a number are quite concerned. Take the issue of nuclear weapons: the cavalier casual way that Donald Trump talks about nuclear weapons is not only frightening but it goes counter to more than 70 years of bipartisan, presidential leadership of Republicans and Democrats who believed that we have to prevent other countries from getting nuclear weapons and we have to do what we can to decrease the number of nuclear weapons in the world.

Well, I’m not gonna get into vice presidential choices but I have the highest regard for Senator Warren.

I think at some point. Maybe this time, maybe in the future. But we’re gonna be looking for the most qualified person to become president should something happen to me, if I’m fortunate enough to be the president.

We’re gonna be looking at everybody who has something to contribute.

Well we don’t have a short list yet. We’re just beginning to gather up information and think about this.

Well, again, I’m not responding to any of the personal attacks that come from Donald Trump, because he can say whatever he wants about me, and I have more votes than he does as we sit here today. More Americans have voted for me. Obviously they have believed that I would be the best choice for President and Commander in Chief and that’s what this election will be about.
