Madam Secretary, thank you.

I’ll get you through this so you can make some history tonight.

You’re about to walk out onto that stage as the first female presumptive nominee for a major party for president. And I’m curious, personally, what this moment means to you.

This country has watched you as first lady, then elected to the senate, then a bruising campaign for president eight years ago.

And then joining this president as secretary of state. Eight years ago to the day, you conceded.

But now you’re back.

As the nominee.

What is that moment for you?

You have talked so often about the unfinished business, not only in this country but around the world when it comes to women’s rights. Is having the first female American President part of that unfinished business?

You conceded to then-Senator Barack Obama eight years ago tonight.

In that speech about 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling, you said the light shining through, filling us with the knowledge that the knowledge that the path will be a little easier next time.

Was it easier?

It was?

We remember eight years ago that meeting with presumptive nominee Barack Obama. He had just beaten you. I believe you were at Senator Diane Feinstein’s house.

Do you think it’s time for a meeting with Senator Sanders?

Give me an example. Can you give me one thing that he has said on the campaign trail that resonates with you particularly?

But back to that meeting with then-Senator Barack Obama, as it was described to me, there were two chairs.

Two glasses of water, you were alone in the room.

Oh, yeah. That helps.

Have you heard from him yet?

But since the math added up for you, have you heard from the President?

Has he signaled to you that he’s ready to fight the fight for you?

You bring up Donald Trump, he said just moments ago on national television that on the Democratic side of the system was rigged and he invited Bernie Sanders supporters to join him. Does that concern you?

Just today House Speaker Paul Ryan was asked about Donald Trump in his comments on the judge born in Indiana of Mexican heritage and Speaker Ryan said 'Claiming a person can’t do their job because of race is the textbook definition of a racist comment.' Do you think that Donald Trump is a racist?

You've said in recent days that electing Donald Trump commander-in-chief would be an historic mistake and you said it would undo much of the work that Republicans and Democrats alike have done over many decades. You spent years as a Senator, you reveled in the legislative process. Have you heard from some of your former Republican colleagues about Donald Trump?

You haven’t talked to any of your-

The last 24 hours, Senator Tester, a key Democratic leader, was asked about the idea of a Clinton-Warren ticket. Elizabeth Warren, of course. He answered, ‘Is the country ready for two women? I don’t know.’

Let’s put her name aside though. Do you think the country would be ready for two women?

Is Bernie Sanders? Would he be vice president?

How short is the short list, Secretary?

So let me ask you, you have said that Donald Trump does not have the right temperament to be president. He said of you that you lack judgemnt. He points to your emails. The last time we sat down, you apologized. You've said it was a mistake. But Trump says, FBI investigation aside, that what Hillary Clinton is guilty of is quote, 'stupidity and bad judgment.' And he asks, 'how can a person with this kind of judgment become the president?'

He did bring up the emails, though, again tonight. He’s going to in this general election, you know that.

