The crowds we’re getting — I’m the messenger, but I’ll tell you what, the message is the right message. We’re tired of incompetence. We’re tired of not taking care of our military. We’re tired of not taking care of our vets, who are being taken care of very poorly.
We’re tired of so many different things. And this is what happens. So, our mayor, my friend, Rudy Giuliani just walks, I’m telling you, he said, “I don’t believe this. This is incredible.”
And what he hasn’t seen, and your governor, by the way, who’s a great guy. And he’s now seeing it, they’re walking outside because there are thousands of people outside that can’t get in. I said, “Rudy, you think this is bad, go take a look outside.”
So I just want to thank Pat and Rudy and I want to thank everybody for being here. And we are going to have a good time. We love North Carolina. We love North Carolina.
We did really well in the primaries if you remember, and I hear we are doing really well now. We have to win. That November 8 day is so important.
You know, I bring things up like the judges right? Supreme Court Justices, we have to get – you know, you could have as many as four? I guess it’s a scenario where this president could pick five Supreme Court Justices.
And if you pick two that are left, left, left, it’s going to be a disaster for our country. Your Second Amendment, the National Rifle Association endorsed and they endorsed me early, a long time ago. And they’re great people, Wayne and Chris, they are great people.
But if you – if you do something with these – I’ll tell you what, Justices right now, you lost a great one with Scalia. We want to replace with Justices very much like Justice Scalia and that’s going to happen. It is so important.
So if for no other reason, I mean it’s such an important – it’s one of the most important elections for a lot of reasons, not just that but for a lot of reasons. But that’s so obviously, because for whatever reason, they say this could be the presidency. This next four years is where you will pick more Supreme Court Justices than anybody has every had the opportunity to do . Believe me, I’ll make you very proud of those Justices everyday.